{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2761
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Hello there! I'm Danielle, a motivated Designer and Full Stack Developer with a strong passion for creating custom graphic components and web pages. I have 9 years of experience under my belt, where I have honed my creative and analytical skills. My proficiency extends to various coding languages, debugging, and user-centered conceptualization, with a background in MERN development style. I am also adept at using Adobe software, React, and MySQL databases. My educational background includes an Associate Degree in Advanced Full Stack Web Development and a Bachelor of Science in Graphic & Web Design.\
\
In my previous roles, I've been responsible for driving the creative direction of campaigns, liaising with clients, and meeting tight deadlines in high-pressure environments. I've also conceptualized and built brand identities, collaborated with marketing teams to create engaging designs, and developed marketing materials. Additionally, I've managed projects, staying in touch with vendors, printing companies, and developers for all projects given. My design and coding skills have been put to good use in creating email marketing campaigns, website page banners, and maintaining databases. I'm looking forward to bringing my skills to a dynamic and innovative team where I can continue to learn and grow.}