{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2636
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 I am currently a Graphic Artist at Ultra Pro International, driving the creative direction of campaigns, with an understanding of typography, layout, and art direction. Artwork sublimation is my main focus here which requires a high aptitude for color theory and color application with different materials. \
\
I have experience working with different software like Adobe Photoshop, Illustrator, InDesign, After Effects, and also Microsoft programs such as Word, PowerPoint, and Excel. I am also knowledgeable in HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, React, and more. I have had the opportunity to interchangeably use my skills across different platforms in my experience from e-commerce and marketing, production-focused work with start-ups to building user interfaces for a tech company.\
\
Although I have enjoyed my time at Ultra Pro, I  feel now is the best time to move forward and branch out in a different direction. I have grown exponentially in this area of expertise since my employment here, however, I feel it's time to move forward on my own path to learn, further my career goals, and grow within the development community with a company that welcomes a culture of innovation and progress. With my ability to bring ideas to life from concept to the final piece, combined with my efficiency, attention to detail, and eagerness to excel at my craft, I know I would be a valuable member of your company. I look forward to discussing the position in detail. \
\
Regards, \
Danielle Ussery}